Leo, my Leo is back.
Congratulations, ma'am. He found you.
It seems he's been in a coma for three years.
And a girl has been taking care of it in the whole time.
That girl must be an angel.
Prepare the car immediately.
I need to see them now.
Yes, ma'am.
Claude.
Our Leo. Our Leo is back.
My son.
The heir of the Brandore Group.
He is back.
God bless Brandore.
Prepare the car.
I'm headed to Memphis.
Brandore, the first commander of the Brandore Group.
The private security team here to ensure you're safe.
July sports are safe.
Yes.
Let's go.
Ha ha ha.
Look, he called this mommy.
Look at your parents are dirt and corn.
Just a few.
Let me guess.
Mommy sells roadside flowers and your dad shines shoes.
All right.
Yeah, enough.
Enough.
Devina, let's go.
Come on.
My father is the manager of the Memphis Thorn.
If any of you want to come and invent this again, you'll have to ask me.
Wait, did you say that you and your father worked for this laundry?
That's right.
Yeah.
You scared?
No.
If I wanted to have you killed, all I'd have to do is left a thing.